Return and Change

How to make an "Easy Return"?
Returns will not be accepted at courier branches without a RETURN CODE.

You can return the unused products in your defacto delivery with their original packages from our nearest stores within 30 days. You can make changes in our stores or return them on our site by following the steps below.

Select the order you want to return from the "My Orders" list in the "My Account" field.

Click on "Return Request" button on the "Order Details" page.

Select the product you want to return, the number and the reason for the return on the screen that appears.

Then, confirm the "Return Conditions" at the bottom of the screen and click on "Continue" button.

You must send the return code displayed on the screen to the Aramex branch officer.

For the returns made without using the return code, the shipping fee belongs to the sender.

Return address: Aramex mashreq for logistics services, Engineering square, 4th industrial zone St, 6th of October city, Giza Governorate, Egypt Postal Code: 12573

Can I return my order that I have purchased from defacto.com at the stores?
You can return the items within 30 days purchased from defacto.com at the nearest DeFacto store with your invoice. 

What do I have to do for size changes? Can I have these replaced at the stores?
It currently is not possible for you to send the item/s you have purchased from the online store for an exchange. To make an exchange, simply say your order number or phone number.You can have your item/s replaced at our stores within 30 days of purchase. Our helpful store staff will gladly assist you in item exchanges. Only size exchanges are allowed in stores. The return of the exchanged product can only be done in store. Please do not send the exchanged product to the warehouse by cargo for a return.

How many days is the return period?
In case you are not fully satisfied with the product/s you have purchased from our website, you can return the product/s within 30 days from the day you have received them.

How many days will the refund be made?
Your refund will be made within 14 business days after you deliver your return package to the Aramex cargo branch .According to Defacto's return policy, you will be refunded as much as the amount you paid for the products purchased at a discount.
The refund process for orders made through the Installment payment method takes 14-21 business days at the latest from the time they reach our warehouse.

What do I have to do in case I receive an incorrect or damaged item?
We act very carefully during the preparation of your order; therefore we hope that such circumstances will not be experienced. In case of a defective or incorrect product delivery, please return your order by Aramex for free. The order amount will be refunded to your credit card.. You also can ask for the refund to be made to your bank account. Please send your request by e-mail to the support.eg@defacto.com address or call our whatsapp services line at +2010 334 558 58.

How are refunds made for orders created with the cash on delivery method?
For orders created with the cash on delivery method, you can go to the nearest DeFacto store with your invoice and collect the refund amount in cash. 'Cash on delivery refunds' sent to our warehouse will be defined as money points to your customer account. Money points can only be used in our defacto.com internet shop.

Please read Defacto Return and Exchanges Policy.
Just like in the stores, you can open the package in order to look at the item/s and try them on. Please retain the original packing and return it together with the product. Do not try the products on when you have put on any perfumes, shaving lotions with heavy fragrances or deodorants that might leave marks on. Do not wear the shoes outside; there should not be any dirt or scrape marks on the soles. Do not remove the tags. Bathing suits, underwear stockings, etc. cannot be returned due to hygiene reason. This return policy does not prejudice your legal rights regarding damaged products.

FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

How much does shipping cost?
The shipping fees vary based on the district. The range of shipping fee is between 55 and 85 EGP. Free shipping on purchases over 999 EGP.

When will my order arrive?
For the home delivery option, your order is delivered at your address within 1-4 business days by Aramex. Please keep in mind that deliveries might take a little longer in mobile regions. Since the courier companies do not work on official and public holidays, your delivery will be made within the first following business day.

How can I track my order? Where is my Order?
We will send you a notification SMS when your order has been arrıved to sortıng center ın destınatıon cıty. You may track your order by the courier tracking link provided in the SMS. Registered customers may also track orders by logging in to ‘my account’ and clicking the order tracking link for the relevant order. Meanwhile, guest customers may follow the status of their order and track their orders by clicking the “Non-member Order Tracking” section on the home page footer.

How can I cancel my order?
You can easily cancel your order within 1 hour after placing your order as follows.

My Account> My Orders > Order Details > Cancel You can follow the steps.

The cancel button will be active 5 minutes after ordering.

What is DeFacto Gift Club?
DeFacto Gift Club; It is a program that offers opportunities, innovations and privileges to its members. To enjoy many privileges valid on defacto.com, DeFacto mobile application and DeFacto stores, you just need to become a Gift Club member free of charge. You can find detailed information here.

Can I do any changes on my order?
Any revisions cannot be made after an order has been generated, in order to ensure the safety and correct delivery of your order. 

How can I return the product or products in my order?
Returns will not be accepted at courier branches without a RETURN CODE.

In case you are not fully satisfied with the product or products you have ordered, you can return the items within 30 days from the date you have received the products. Returned items must be unused and in their original packing. Together with all returned products, any free of charge or promotion items, if any, which may have been sent as a part of the order, must be returned also. Please make sure that you carefully and completely fill in the returns form that has been sent to you together with the ordered items, in order to be able to implement the returns process. Please be sure about the packing integrity and water impermeability. The package is under the liability of the customer until it has reached us. Our return store is :Aramex mashreq for logistics services, Engineering square, 4th industrial zone St, 6th of October city, Giza Governorate, Egypt Postal Code: 12573

Can I return the items that I have purchased from the online store at the stores?
You can return the items within 30 days purchased from https://defacto.com at the nearest DeFacto store with your invoice. Please click to find our store that is closest to you.

What do I have to do for size changes? Can I have these replaced at the stores?
It currently is not possible for you to send the item/s you have purchased from the online store for an exchange. You can have your item/s replaced at our stores within 30 days of purchase. Our helpful store staff will gladly assist you in item exchanges. Only size exchanges are allowed in stores. The return of the exchanged product can only be done in store. Please do not send the exchanged product to the warehouse by cargo for a return.

How do I use a discount or campaign code?
Add the item/s you would like to buy to the shopping basket. Enter the code at the “Discount Code” field on the right-hand side of the basket page and press “Add”. If your cart is compatible with the campaign terms, the discount amount will be applied on the total cart amount.

When I want to add a product to my cart, I get a ‘This product cannot be added to shopping cart’ error. What do I have to do?
This is an error that is experienced from time to time, due to a reason arising from your web browser. Please click the setting section of your web browser (Chrome, Explorer, Safari, Firefox etc.) and delete the browsing data. As an alternative, you can also try again with another bowser (Chrome, Explorer, Safari, Firefox etc.)

How do I become a member?
To create a new membership, please click the “New Member” button at the top right corner on our home page. It is required to fill in the required data and click register. To create a membership faster, please click the ‘Connect with Facebook ’ button. Your membership will be created immediately. However, you may also create a membership at the home page that you will be directed to after you have added item/s to your cart.